this is still no more than a metaphor
say soil and there is no more reason to
expect the brain to be a computer than a
steam engine but there is a steam engine
is not a universal simulator but a
computer is so expecting it to be able
to do whatever neurons can is not a
metaphor it is a known and proven
property of the laws of physics as best
we know them and as it happens hydraulic
pipes could also be made into a
universal classical computer and so
could gears and levers as Babbage showed
by the way we should just acknowledge
the fact there that when David writes it
is a known and proven property of the
laws of physics as best we know them he
proved that okay so that's his proof so
that's the seminal 1985 paper where he
shows how the field of computation what
was previously the mathematics of
computation if you like was in fact a
branch of physics because computers are
made out of atoms atoms obey the laws of
quantum theory